# Statistics Weekly Homeworks

# [Week 1](https://ktot0.github.io/Statistics/week1)

* Research
1. Definition of statistics
2. What is a dataset? From the observation units to the dataset attributes and values
3. Find intresting application of statistics in cybersecurity

* Application
1. Create a simple application in C# and VB.net

* Research on App
1. Main differences between C# and VB.net

# [Week 2](https://ktot0.github.io/Statistics/week2)

* Research
1. Concept of distribution. Univariate and multivariate. Conditional and marginal distributions.

* Application
1. Make a simple program which uses the objects RANDOM and TIMER.
2. Make a simple CSV parser
3. Compute an univariate distribution of a variable.

* Research on App
1. CSV protocol RFC-4180 (Definition and rules)

# [Week 3](https://ktot0.github.io/Statistics/week3)

* Research
1. Illustrate the concept of conditional joint, marginal (relative) frequency using a simple bivariate distribution.
2. Illustrate the concept of statistical independence and the resulting mathematical relationship between the above frequencies.

* Application
1. Create a distribution from the data obtained by Wireshark reading the CSV generated by the program.

* Research on App
1. A survey on online algorithms (Welford)
2. In particular, Knuth recursion for the computation of the arithmetic mean.

# [Week 4](https://ktot0.github.io/Statistics/week4)


## Objectives:

* Research
1.Illustrate the parallels, between the properties of the relative frequency and the axioms for probability
2 Discuss some concrete examples of Probability measure Space
3 Illustrate how Measure Theory provides the mathematical foundation for Probability Theory

* Application
1. Generate a m sequences of n trials distributed according a Binomial with success probability p and represent the following quantities: absolute frequency of success, relative frequency of success, "normalized" relative frequency of success.
2. In the same chart, add also a vertical histogram representing the distribution of the above 3 types of frequencies on the last trial.

* Research on App

1. Give a simple introduction to graphics in the .NET environment. How to create a bitmap and a chart on it.
1. Explain in simple terms how to get device coordinates from world coordinates
